What is Bundlers ?
A bundler in React is a tool that allows developers to package their code into a single file or bundle. This bundle can then be used to run the application in the browser. Bundlers are used to reduce the size of the code and improve the performance of the application. Common bundlers used with React are Webpack , Parcel and Vite.

npm -> Manage all packages.

package.json --> define metadata about out project.

pacakge-lock.json --> you get to know about actual version of your dependencies.

dependency -> A dependency is just a package that your project uses.  

Dev Dependencies -> In package.json file, there is an object called as dev Dependencies and it consists of all the packages that are used in the project in its development phase and not in the production or testing environment with its version number. 

Tilde (~) notation:
The tilde (~) notation is employed to match the latest patch version while freezing the major and minor versions. This notation is useful for automatically accepting bug fixes, considering that patch updates primarily address bugs.

Example: The ~1.2.0 will update all the future patch updates. We have to write just ~1.2.0 and all the next patch update dependencies. For example, 1.2.1, 1.2.2, 1.2.5……………1.2.x.
Note: Patch updates are very small security changes in a package that is why the ~version is approximately equivalent to the version.

Caret (^) notation:
It automatically updates both minor and patch updates.

Example: The ^1.2.4 will update all the future Minor and patch updates, for example, ^1.2.4 will automatically change the dependency to 1.x.x if any update occurs. 


HMR - Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.

A file-watcher is a process which monitors a specific directory for the arrival of any files.


What is Browserslist?
Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.


Babel --> Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments.

Render -> something update in React.

Key --> Uniquely identify each element and help for easy to render.

JSX (JavaScript XML) --> Allow us to write HTML like syntax in Javascript. 

Component --> 
    -  functional Component -> new way
    -  class Component -> old way but better to know


Component Composition --> When you use one function Component inside another.

React.Fragment --> it is a component , If you use this then you dont have to use Div for any component.

props --> Passing data into my component.

What is the Virtual DOM ?
Representation of our DOM called Virtual DOM.

Why we need ?

When changes are made to the UI in React, instead of directly manipulating the real DOM, React makes changes to this Virtual DOM. React then compares the updated Virtual DOM with the previous state of the Virtual DOM to determine what has changed. This process is called "reconciliation."
After determining the changes, React applies only the necessary updates to the real DOM, minimizing the number of actual manipulations needed. This process is much more efficient compared to directly updating the real DOM for each change, as the real DOM manipulation can be costly in terms of performance.

WE CAN EXPORT OUR FILE IN TWO WAYS -->
{
   1. export default componentName 
   2. {componentName} from file directory;
}

Hooks --> Just a normal function and its allow you to use state and other features in functional component.

useState() --> useState is a React Hook that lets you add a state variable to your component. 

Monolithic application --> Built as single unit 
Microservices -> built as collection of smaller independently deployable.

useEffect (hook) --> By using this , you tell React to do something after render.

react-router-dom --> used for routing in react.