//Basic 
crossorigin - Cross-Origin Resource Sharing(CORS) is a tool that allows web pages requesting for resources from another domain that is outside of their own domain. It is also used for managing cross-origin requests which is a request for a resource from an outside domain.

-> React overwrite or replaced everything whatever written inside the root element in HTML.

What is Bundlers ? -> 
A bundler in react. js is a tool which allows to package code into a single file or bundle. Due to this size of code will reduce and so performance of application will improve. Common bundlers used with React are Webpack and Parcel. 

What special Parcel do ? 
-> Hot Module Replacement: Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature that enables real-time updates to modules in a running application without requiring a full page reload.

-> File Watcher Algorithm : A file watcher algorithm monitors a directory for file activity and triggers a follow-up process when a file is created, amended, deleted, or renamed.

-> Minify : Parcel includes minifiers for JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and SVG out of the box. Minification reduces the file size of your output bundles by removing whitespace, renaming variables to shorter names, and many other optimizations.

--> Image optimizations 
--> Clean code

-> parcel build is used to create a production-ready bundle of files that can be deployed in various ways. A very common workflow is to point parcel at an html file to build a client-side application that can be delivered by a file server (e.g. parcel build src/index.html). In this scenario, all the JavaScript is run by the user's browser, and the server is only responsible for serving the static files created by parcel build.

What is Babel ? Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments. Here are the main things Babel can do for you:

Transform syntax
Polyfill features that are missing in your target environment (through a third-party polyfill such as core-js)
Source code transformations (codemods)

What is Babel plugin transform remove console ? -> this plugin will remove all console from our application which work as optimizations.



What is Key in React ? 
-> Keys help React identify which items have changed, are added, or are removed. Keys should be given to the elements inside the array to give the elements a stable identity:

Example:

const numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
const listItems = numbers.map((number) =>
  <li key={number.toString()}>
    {number}
  </li>
);


What is JSX ?JSX is a syntax extension for JavaScript that lets you write HTML-like markup inside a JavaScript file.

Expression Slots -> In JSX, the content we put between open/close tags is treated as a static string. If we try and reference a variable, it'll print the variable name itself, rather than the value it references. We can create expression slots with curly brackets ({}). Anything placed in-between curly brackets will be treated as pure JavaScript, instead of a string.JSX turns into React.createElement() function calls, we'll get a JavaScript syntax error if we try and place a statement in that slot. It has to be an expression.


What is Component ? -> a component is a bundle of markup, styles, and logic that controls everything about a specific part of the user interface. Conceptually, components are like JavaScript functions. They accept arbitrary inputs (called “props”) and return React elements describing what should appear on the screen.They are two type of component -> functional based component - NEW WAY 2. Class based component - OLD ways

**NAME OF COMPONENT STARTS WITH A CAPITAL LETTER


What is Props ? components have a thing called props. Props are like arguments to a function: they allow us to pass data to our components, so that the components can include customizations based on the data.

What is children props ?When we pass something between the open and close tags, React will automatically supply that value to us under children.
root.render(
  <RedButton>
    Don't click me
  </RedButton>
);
function RedButton({ children }) {
  return (
    <button
      style={{
        color: 'white',
        backgroundColor: 'red',
      }}
    >
      {children}
    </button>
  );
}

What is React.Fragment ? 
A React Fragment is a feature that lets you group multiple elements from a React component without adding extra nodes to the DOM

What is Virtual DOM ? 
The virtual DOM is an in-memory representation of the real DOM elements. Instead of interacting directly with the real DOM, which can be slow and costly in terms of performance, React creates a virtual representation of the UI components. This virtual representation is a lightweight JavaScript object that mirrors the structure of the real DOM.
Here's a step-by-step process of how the virtual DOM works:

Step 1 – Initial Rendering: when the app starts, the entire UI is represented as a Virtual DOM. React elements are created and rendered into the virtual structure.
Step 2 – State and Props Changes: as the states and props change in the app, React re-renders the affected components in the virtual DOM. These changes do not immediately impact the real DOM.
Step 3 – Comparison Using Diff Algorithm: React then uses a diffing algorithm to compare the current version of the Virtual DOM with the previous version. This process identifies the differences (or "diffs") between the two versions.
Step 4 – Reconciliation Process: based on the differences identified, React determines the most efficient way to update the real DOM. Only the parts of the real DOM that need to be updated are changed, rather than re-rendering the entire UI. This selective updating is quick and performant.
Step 5 – Update to the Real DOM: finally, React applies the necessary changes to the real DOM. This might involve adding, removing, or updating elements based on the differences detected in step 3.



What is state ? state is a component's memory that stores data and information, and determines how the component behaves and renders.

what is useState? The useState Hook in React adds state variables to functional components and allows you to track state in your application.

**Note -> Never ever create a useState in if-else , for loop & outside of the component.

What is re-rendering ? 
A re-render is a React process where it figures out what needs to change (AKA. “reconciliation”, the spot-the-differences game).
If something has changed between the two snapshots, React will “commit” those changes by editing the DOM, so that it matches the latest snapshot.
Whenever a DOM node is edited, the browser will re-paint, re-drawing the relevant pixels so that the user sees the correct UI.
Not all re-renders require re-paints! If nothing has changed between snapshots, React won't edit any DOM nodes, and nothing will be re-painted.
The critical thing to understand is that when we talk about “re-rendering”, we're not saying that we should throw away the current UI and re-build everything from scratch.

React tries to keep the re-painting to a minimum, because re-painting is slow. Instead of generating a bunch of new DOM nodes from scratch (lots of painting), it figures out what's changed between snapshots, and makes the required tweaks with surgical precision.


What is useEffect => The useEffect hook is used to perform side effects in your functional components, such as fetching data, subscribing to external events, or manually changing the DOM. It combines the functionality of componentDidMount, componentDidUpdate, and componentWillUnmount in class components.

There are two parameter - 1. call back 2. dependency array


What is react-router-dom ? Its a great library for routing.

useParams -> Its a hook to read routing params.

What is class based component ? Class based component is nothing but siblings of functional based component but one difference is we used class for component instead of function. There is no more use of this component now! Only important for interview purpose;

**IMPO --> the constructor and super keyword are used to initialize components, access properties, and inherit functionality from parent classes: 
Constructor: The constructor is used to build components faster. 
Super: The super keyword is used to call the constructor of the parent class, and access its properties and methods. 

Super(props): The super(props) method is used to call the parent class constructor, pass props to it, and ensure that the component's props are available in the constructor. This is important for setting up the component's initial state and accessing props. 

How to use Props ? -> Example -> {this.props.name}
How to use useState ?  this.state.state_name

ComponentDidMount => A function which execute after render(once). best place for API Calling.

ComponentDidUpdate => invoke after every render.

